Add documentation for tags (#761)
civicrm/civicrm-dev-docs: docs/extensions/info-xml.md

| CiviCRM Version | Description |
| -- | -- |

> |5.24.0|[`<tags>`](#tags) Tags introduced as part of schema|

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| 5.24.0 | [`<tags>`](#tags) Tags introduced as part of schema |
```

| -- | -- |
| [`<ext>`](#ext) | 1+ |

### `<tags>` {:#tags}

* Containing element: [`<extension>`](#extension)

> * Description: Freeform tags -but not that there are guideline as to what to assign

Reviewer 2: .. Freeform tags - but note that..

* Contains: elements
* Example:

    ```xml
    <extension key="org.civicrm.foo" type="module">
      <tags>
        <tag>civicontribute</tag>
        <tag>payment-processor</tag>
        <tag>hidden</tag>
      </tags>
    </extension>
    ```
    
* Notes:

> Tags may imply functionality and as that is developed that functionality / expectations will be documented here. It is not recommended to add tags without ensuring they are reflected here as functionality may be adding tags. These docs will be consulted at that point - but not any ad hoc tags in the wil.

Reviewer 2: This needs rewording as it doesn't make sense to me right now.

| -- | -- |
| [`<ext>`](#ext) | 1+ |

### `<tags>` {:#tags}

* Containing element: [`<extension>`](#extension)

> * Description: Freeform tags. By convention, tag-names should be "snake-case" (all lower-case alphanumeric with dashes for separate words). If namespaces or prefixes are required, tag-names may use a colon (`:`) delimiter. Tag-names should be documented in this page. (*If you need to use a new/unknown tag, then please submit an update PR to this documentation with a description/purpose.*)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* Description: Freeform tags. By convention, tag-names should be "snake-case" (all lower-case alphanumeric with dashes for separate words). If namespaces or prefixes are required, tag-names may use a colon (`:`) delimiter. Tag-names should be documented on this page. (*If you need to use a new/unknown tag, then please submit an [update PR](https://docs.civicrm.org/dev/en/latest/documentation/) to this documentation with a description/purpose.*)
```

| -- | -- |
| [`<ext>`](#ext) | 1+ |

### `<tags>` {:#tags}

* Containing element: [`<extension>`](#extension)
* Description: Freeform tags allow extensions to be organized into categories or selected as subgroups. Tags MUST contain only letters, numbers, dashes,and colons. Tags are case-sensitive. Tags MUST follow the structure `<prefix>:<some-tag-name>`. Tags SHOULD be documented in the table below. (*If you need to use a new/unknown tag, then please submit a [documentation update](https://docs.civicrm.org/dev/en/latest/documentation/) with a description.*)
* Contains: elements
* Example:

    ```xml

>     <extension key="org.civicrm.foo" type="module">

Author: we don't recommend this style of key now do we?

Reviewer 3: All the other examples in the page use the Java style. I literally copied that line from the example right above. ✂️📋 

AFAIK, we've entered a grey transitional period where several people like the aesthetics of simpler names, and they seem to work in common cases, but no one can quite certify that  simpler names *always* work.

Author: ok - let's ignore for now

### `<tags>` {:#tags}

* Containing element: [`<extension>`](#extension)

> * Description: Freeform tags. By convention, tag-names should be "snake-case" (all lower-case alphanumeric with dashes for separate words). If namespaces or prefixes are required, tag-names may use a colon (`:`) delimiter. Tag-names should be documented in this file. (*If you need to use a new/unknown tag, then please submit an update PR to this documentation with a description/purpose.*)

Reviewer 4: Suggest changing "Tag-names should be documented in this _file_" to "Tag-names should be documented in this _page_". On first reading, I thought "file" was referring to the info.xml _file_, which is after all the topic of this _page_.

Reviewer 3: Ah +1. That's better wording.
